---
layout: post
categories: blog
title: Vision Update 1.0.0
subtitle: The first version of my vision
date: 2025-01-16
---
I write [a vision statement](https://koichin.com/vision/) to clarify what I'm aiming for. To preserve the changes, I'm going to write vision updates in the blog. So, the vision page will always have the latest one.

Here's the vision version 1.0.0.

>My goal is to be a neurotechnology engineer with Machine Learning expertise. However, my ultimate life goal is to **advance humanity through technology, guided by philosophy.** While it's inevitable that we, including myself, will someday die, I firmly believe that creating something valuable for humanity and its descendants is the most enduring and meaningful legacy we can leave behind.
>
Technology is like magic—it holds the transformative power to shape the world profoundly. I am convinced that the **next monumental leap forward will come from Brain-Computer Interfaces and Human-Computer Interactions**. When we unlock the ability to seamlessly integrate our minds with advanced computers, the ripple effects will accelerate progress across all fields, bringing humanity closer to realizing its highest potential. This frontier isn't just about convenience or efficiency— it's about unleashing creativity, intelligence, and collaboration on a scale we've never seen before.
>
I am not driven by money; my motivation comes from technology, meaningful connections, and this vision. I aspire to embody the ethos of the "[fierce nerd](https://paulgraham.com/fn.html)," focusing relentlessly on what truly matters, shutting out distractions, and dedicating my energy to building something of lasting significance.